as the title says not sponsored so yeah
unbiased review have had the bike for
about what is it now three or so months
so Shimano or Shimano depending on where
you come from in the world i RS 685
shifters these featured on my bike so
kenderson EPS very nice very comfortable
as you can see I've got them tilted up
just slightly when I was first deciding
on this bike I thought that because of
the shape is quite quite sort of sloped
this way that they wouldn't offer as
much grip that I'm having them tilt it
up slightly it feels quite good feels a
bit more like and the previous shifters
that I have which were 105 because they
kind of curl up just slightly more but
having them like this is nice the only
downside to doing that is that when
you're when you've got your hand like
this you are reaching up a little bit
more so having them tilt it down it
helps a little bit with that writing in
the drops another thing about the shape
of them is that they are longer from
here to here it's a non hydraulic brake
shifters are a bit narrow a bit smaller
like that so it does give you the more
of a position to have your hand and it
is actually really nice I thought it was
going to be too long so with this bike
I've got slightly shorter stem but the
reach is the same because this is longer
from the other there and it is actually
nice kind of having your hands just
sitting on the top of that at times as
well so if you're not riding on the
flats or something and you know you're
not going to be breaking it's quite a
nice position so hoods on this a bit
longer
regular shifters a lot shorter from
there to this at distance from there
it's about that instead of this you can
see the longer but that does actually
make it so that you have more positions
so you've obviously up the drops right
in the hoods they're the flats but then
you've also can have your hands there so
if you want to ride a little bit up
right but have your hands like this it
is quite comfortable so that is a bit of
a bonus compared to the shorter versions
and some people that I know that ride
have commented saying that it doesn't
say all tegra which obviously it's it's
got the numbers instead of Oh
Tigra so I guess this kind of would be
altaïr but yeah I'm happy either way it
doesn't really make too much difference
to me
and in spite of shifting breaking
shifting is very much the same as the
older version or the one at five version
to me but obviously nicer a little bit
crisper just being all tigre down that
end as far as braking goes I usually
always right in the drops and descending
and confidently one thing to braking
often if it's wet or get sketchy then
sometimes two fingers just to get
slightly more feel but certainly it's
very easy to break very easy on long
descents as well - just one thing to
brake the whole time just nice and
evenly this bike did come from Canada
when I was there so apparently you can
actually just switch these over because
they ride the opposite to what we have
in New Zealand so the rear is on the
right but I'd like it the other way
around so we'll swap them one day that
I'm happy with it as it is now no worry
these are the 140 millimeter rotors so
they do look quite small and I think
that looks very nice I am a heavier
rider as well so I am currently 87 kilos
and these pull up just fine written them
in the wet and yeah it's very nice very
nice to be able to just pull the brakes
on very smoothly as well and have them
react straightaway so that's real cool
the front I've never had to move at all
it is the standard six mil axle and
haven't had any rubbing on the front at
all so that's been good I think I like
the idea of throw axles but in the stage
just road riding it's no issue at all
the rear brake I have experience a
little bit of rubbing with especially
after very long descents but that could
be due to stuff ting and tucked in with
a brake actually touches the disc so I'm
usually at you know it goes away in one
case I had to move it over but that's
just a case of loosening under here and
here
and just sliding over just a touch so
you know pulling the wheel out and put
it back in sometimes you notice a slight
rub that they can be fixed with the
adjustment so there's just a position
that you can move it left or right
depending on where it's touching
so those are my brakes on my bike very
very happy with them when I go back to
rim brakes no no way I have no place to
ever do racing so it's not going to be a
requirement for me and after this break
I will continue to run desperate because
they feel real nice they don't add much
weight this is an excel frame so 61
centimeter
I'm just the standard mythic accent
wheels and it's 8.8 kilos so it just
breaks not very heavy at all very happy
with them would highly recommend them
they're very comfortable as well and
very easy to use as I said just one
thing braking sir
super easy